adding k8s-cli alpha docs (#11028)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/k8s-cli.mdx

| `-dry-run`                                                                     | Boolean value that validates the installation and returns a summary.                                                                                                                                                                               | `false`   | Optional |
| `-name`                                                                        | String value for the name of the installation. The specified value will be prefixed to resources installed on the cluster.                                                                                                                         | none      | Optional |
| `-namespace`                                                                   | String value that specifies the namespace of the Consul installation.                                                                                                                                                                              | `consul`  | Optional |

> | `-preset`                                                                      | String value that installs Consul based on a preset configuration. You can specify the following values: <br/> `default`: TODO - DESCRIPTION <br/> `demo`: TODO -DESCRIPTION <br/> `secure`: TODO - DESCRIPTION.                                   | `default` | Optional |

Reviewer: Content missing - TODO

Reviewer: Content missing  -TODO

---
layout: docs
page_title: Consul K8s CLI Reference
description: >-
  Consul K8s CLI is a tool for quickly installing and interacting with Consul on Kubernetes.
---

# Consul K8s CLI Reference

Consul K8s CLI is a tool for quickly installing and interacting with Consul on Kubernetes.
This topic describes the commands, subcommands, and available options for using Consul K8s CLI.

~> Consul K8s CLI is is currently availabe as an alpha release and is not recommended for production environments.

## Download and Build the Binary

> 1. Clone the [consul-k8s-cli](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s-cli) project.

Reviewer 2: We're close to finalizing the install PR into the consul-k8s repo itself, so as soon as that PR is merged, we'll want people to build it from there: (https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/tree/cli-install/cli). We should have install merged by alpha. We could totally merge this docs PR as is, and create a new docs PR to update this as soon as it's merged.

We'd just need to update this step and the step below to reference the correct paths (i.e to clone the consul-k8s repo instead, navigate to consul-k8s/cli, run go build from there.)

We may want to consider just having them do 
```
go build .
```
and adding an additional optional step to say:
(Optional) Consider moving the binary into your $PATH for ease of use:
```
mv consul-k8s /usr/local/bin/consul-k8s
```

| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `-auto-approve` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | Boolean value that enables you to skip the installation confirmation prompt.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false`                                 | Optional |

> | `-dry-run`                                                                                                                                    | Boolean value that validates the installation and returns a summary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `false`                                 | Optional |

Reviewer 2: I think the -config-file flag is missing from the table https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/blob/e935f0703f63d9ad7931978ca0b3f97a2aac7b77/cli/README.md#consul-k8s-install

> | `-name`                                                                                                                                       | String value for the name of the installation. The specified value will be prefixed to resources installed on the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | none                                    | Optional |

Reviewer 2: We decided to remove the name flag and it will be removed before alpha

See [Global Options](#global-options) for additional commands that you can use when uninstalling Consul from Kubernetes.

#### Example Command

The following example command uninstalls Consul from the `my-ns` namespace with the name `my-consul`.

```shell-session
consul-k8s uninstall -name=my-consul -namespace=my-ns
```

## Global Options

The following global options are available.

| Flag                                                                      | Description                                                                                      | Default | Required |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------- | -------- |
| `-context` &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; | String value that sets the Kubernetes context to use for Consul K8s CLI operations.              | none    | Optional |

> | `-kubeconfig`                                                             | String value that specifies the path to the `kubeconfig` file. <br/> The file is aliased as `-c` | none    | Optional |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-kubeconfig` <br/> Alias: `-c`                                                             | String value that specifies the path to the `kubeconfig` file. <br/>  | none    | Optional |
```
Maybe it'll be a little easier to see aliases in the first column?

---
layout: docs
page_title: Consul K8s CLI Reference
description: >-
  Consul K8s CLI is a tool for quickly installing and interacting with Consul on Kubernetes.
---

# Consul K8s CLI Reference

Consul K8s CLI is a tool for quickly installing and interacting with Consul on Kubernetes.
This topic describes the commands, subcommands, and available options for using Consul K8s CLI.

~> Consul K8s CLI is is currently availabe as an alpha release and is not recommended for production environments.

## Download and Build the Binary

1. Clone the [consul-k8s](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-k8s/tree/cli-install/cli) project.
1. Navigate to the `consul-k8s/cli` directory and issue the following command to build the tool:

   ```shell-session
   go build .
   ```

1. (Optional) Move the binary to you `$PATH` for ease of use, e.g.:

> 

Reviewer 3: Would it be possible to indent this section here?
